[Music]
and now we go to the other tweet okay the
other tweet It seems very important to me
too and
notable and notable Okay and
notable it turns out
that a lot of people It
turns out that a lot of people
are also criticizing me
for another clip
for another tweet sorry
from yesterday okay This is yesterday's twist
okay
summary of Antonio David's last video
I mean the video that we were
reacting to yesterday okay that I was there
here for three hours okay summary of
Antonio David's last video
juanju has even messed with my daughter he
is not from the tide he has only pretended to
be from the movement to profit
I have everything to put it in its place
tiki tiki meow meow annoying
fly says Ortega is not a saint and
neither are you Evelyn bans annoying fly
man that you compare me friend north of
here we have not been a troublemaker
man annoying fly get out of here
ban Evelyn ban her and it is not because of an
opinion eh It is not because of an opinion it is that
man It seems to me that there are things that
are not comparable in life It
seems to me that there are things that are not
comparable  life if you guys go to
those extremes if you guys go to those
extremes and justify those things
to defend your stubbornness and
your sheepishness you ask me out of here it is
the same to me if you have 65,000 subscribers
or 70,000 let's see how you find out that you do
not convince my opinion
and I have already said it you have other channels
where it is said that Rocío Carrasco does
cocaine where it is said that Fidel goes out with
Anabel you go over there to those
channels that are more of your styles to
compare me with Ortega Cano not even my
little daughter would allow it
okay because as far as I know I have never
been in jail
as far as I know
and I am losing my tongue because I
really want to insult you I
really want to insult you like
the people we are going to see here today
okay like the people we are going to see
here today
Juanjo has even messed with my daughter he
is not from the tide he has only pretended to
be from the movement to profit
I have everything to put it in its place is it
true or is it  lie that Antonio David
says this in the video
I'm very irritated what's wrong with you Inma I can't
stand even a stupid thing is it
true or is it a lie is it
true or is it a
lie that Antonio David says this in the video is it true or is it a lie that Antonio David
said this in the video yesterday
100% he says it true okay is it true or is it a
lie that after 5 minutes he says
here I have put youtuber do it
you guys that I'm very confused these are not
literal words obviously this is
a summary this is a reading between the
line okay Antonio David
throughout the video
Leave it to Juan
unfortunately these accidents happen
a lot ban Rocío again too please
okay ban Rocío traver and
please don't invite anyone to any communion
or any wedding because I think he is not
aware of what can be done what cannot be done
okay
YouTube do it yourselves that I'm very
confused okay this is literally what
Antonio David says it is not the
literal words But this is what he
implies between the lines
or rather Antonio had it yesterday but
let's go like a diamond
but let's go like a diamond
like a diamond Antonio David yesterday
put on a raincoat
before You are  looking like Carlota
corredera and Jorge Javier please
ban Aurora too Out
yesterday Antonio David let Juan after
everything he's endured Juan for a
year and a half it's
worth after what Juan has endured
For a year and a half let Juan get wet let
Juan get wet let Juan tell it all it's
worth it if he gave a little brush stroke
no Yes it's true it's true that juanjuss it's true
that Juanjo is not from the tide
No yes it's true that it's true that Juanjo
messed with my daughter's physique
No yes it's true that because of a survey he
changed his mind
and the guy takes it with his holy balls
after what Juan is going through
and says at the end of the video
now I would like the youtubers to
give their opinion
but not me where they have to give you
will never be rich sin you are true
hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands clapping hands
clapping
and also he said during the video that I
just read to him that Eva told him no no
I have been I have everything here to
put it in its place I have everything here
to put it in its place but I'm
very I'm very busy with
other things no but it's that I am
and then at the end of the video take and release
now I would like the youtubers to give
their opinion
But you had those balls Antonio
David
But you had those balls man and you
have remained so wide and on top of that you'll be
asking for a like for the video no at the
end of the video no I
mean but you had those balls
that now you would like the youtubers to give their
opinion Antonio David the youtubers have
been giving their opinion for a year and a half about that
guy you're talking about
and while the youtubers have been giving their opinion for a
year and a half
about that guy falling on us all
the [ __ ] that you didn't want to fall
on you
Meanwhile you have been letting him
get away okay because you Antonio
David
You know perfectly well where you are
You know perfectly well what that
guy did with the interview we did and the
filth that he started saying about me and
insinuating in his live about me okay
You know perfectly well Antonio David
You know perfectly well that that guy
having already released two or three episodes
of the documentary still  He kept saying
that your daughter was an abuser, that they
should expose the sentence, that you
manipulated the children and sold them to
the press,
having already aired a few
episodes, and you know very well that that
guy changed his jacket because he saw what
moved the blue tide and that was what
gave him the money And you knowing it because
you knew it, you left him, but not
only that you left him because you
are very busy and you have many things
and you did not want to get involved, it
is that while that guy
was slandering us, we stood
up for you, like your editor can be or like me, it
is that you gave him a
gift, it
is that while you said one thing
behind your back, you gave him your condolences upfront, it is
that you have not only left him, it is that
you gave him collaborations and you
sent him an audio to tell him that you
had created a channel so that he would not get
angry because it had been sent to me, it
is that you when you call Olga Moreno
When Olga Moreno wins, survivor,
you go to her live to give her the exclusive,
knowing what this guy did  what are you
going to say now that you want to know the
opinions of the youtubers when you
left me stranded
that you want to know the opinions of
the youtuber Antonio David the youtubers
have had to stop talking about that
guy because of what was happening to us because
you have let it grow
that you want to know the opinions of the
youtubers but if the youtubers have
had to make the decision not to
talk about that guy on these channels
because we lose followers
It's that I really
Or I mean that I really if I don't say
things clearly It's that I
really And yesterday Antonio David
there listening to Juan talking okay there
Antonio David listening to Juan talking
and he says Antonio David
says Antonio David that I already had that It's that
I've already been meditating on this
after having related last night
live no
says Antonio David No man Yes in those
spaces one day I entered those
spaces No I one day I entered those
spaces they treated me very well
Antonio David I have that space
recorded You know what that space was in that
space they were putting me down
in that space they were putting me down they
were slandering me the one who has
dismantled the docuseries to which you have
used video because the videos you have not
used videos of Juanjo for your
trial you have used videos of Javier
oliveira duck trial that in the trial of
the TV factory there is a trial there are
videos of me
in that space that you got into which was the one of
the patri in that space they were
putting like 200 rags on me for saying what
you are saying now about
Juan
and you came in to hit me with a sack It's that it's that it's that
now after a year
and a half
you had a really bad time because of that after a year and a half a
year and a half after what I've
eaten you are going to come to agree with me
without asking for forgiveness and asking the
youtubers to give their opinions let the youtubers give their opinions
ask the
charisman if he hasn't given his opinion Ask
Enrique ask him
Speaking clearly Ask
Anne
Ask everyone Who is the one who
has given us his opinion the one who hasn't given his opinion is you
Who is the one who hasn't given his opinion
if we have had to make the
decision not to talk about this anymore
youtuber because in the end it hurts the
channel
too
but not me where do they have to give
egg egg egg egg egg egg
egg a kiss Chari kiss queen
I'm sorry but this is what I think
eh I'm
sorry but this is what I feel eh
olé the whole neighborhood for you but
I have no problem with Antonio
David nor do I have anything against him nor do I
hold a grudge against him okay but man
Francisco came here to
ask me for forgiveness because you almost
sent me to Madrid to cover a trial
of María Patiño
Francisco has already said everything he had to
say also about that youtuber
the one who doesn't say what you have to
say that youtuber is you Knowing okay
because if you have affection for your
followers if you know that the guy and
also having the clips of Game Over
okay
having the clips of Mickey and Nobel
called
if you know that this guy
was a carraquita he agreed that
Rocío Carrasco should sue you he said that
your daughter was fat he messed with
Telecinco because they didn't show
your daughter's sentence
if you know that all this is
with the newspaper archive that  I have all the
Game Over clips
if you know that it
was still two or three weeks since they
were airing the docuseries and this guy
kept saying the same things
about you, I ca
n't believe
that you are even aware because we
were telling you
and you are still
following him, not that you don't get involved but that you
keep inviting him to your channel that now
the mother thing happens and you give him your condolences
to win over his followers so as not to
turn his followers on you for
fear of losing Guajo's followers
to me What good is a video of yours to me now?
Proving
me right What good is it but come on? Proving me
right Juan Proving me right Juan who
is the one who has also stood up for me
from the beginning
Proving me right Juan
but to me What good is it that you say
youtubers give their opinions youtuber give their opinion youtuber give their
opinion
youtuber give their opinion
Total that when I put this you And
last night at 6 in the morning before
going to bed doing a summary
basically of what I understood from the
video okay
look what  people tell me he
said that or that he would like to hear the
opinion of other youtubers
what Antonio David says is I would like to
know the opinion of the youtubers Or am I
wrong he did
n't say that eh he said that the youtubers
give their opinion he can say it
louder clearer not
where they have to give olé olé olé even
I have been satisfied kiss Rebeca He did
n't say that
and there is one in particular that I want to
put now to finish this
extract not because it is the perfect example it
is the perfect example
of when I get irritated here live
okay look at this this I haven't blocked her
yet because I wanted to
wanted to show you the twist okay
imagine Me that after all this
okay after all this
I put the tweet with literally what
is a summary of yesterday's video of
Antonio David
and he says
liar he didn't say it like that I see that you are
very short
watch the video again let's
see about the language
but when I have done it I see it in the
chae this afternoon for example when I
was explaining about the complaint I have
also seen it in the chat you are very
short you don't understand you are obfuscated Me
when I  They put this I feel like
telling him that I'm short I'm
going to bite my tongue I was going to say
an insult yeah I was going to say an insult
grape I was going to insult I was going to say that
but I wouldn't feel like telling him
[Music]
something Like these characters
on top of that tell you that you're short
But well my opinion on
Antonio David's video is that I'm sorry I can't
have another Spain
but where do they have to stay you did a
great job the best and the people who
follow you is because of the great work that you
do And why don't you marry anyone it
bothers whoever it bothers already laugh at me it's
there Congratulations on your work it
already measures you there they are I'm going to see if you have
sent me things on Instagram and
now let's see Marta's today
but
really I mean I get irritated a lot of times
but I need a lot of times
That's my opinion That's my opinion okay
regarding Antonio David's video I don't
hold a grudge or have anything against him
but the truth is that you come to me now with your
opinion on youtubers man let's see the
youtubers we have  I've been giving my opinion for a year and a
half now, the fact is that the one who doesn't have an opinion
but not even where they have to give it
yesterday's video was a gift to Marta with
Juan's excuse,
yes, it was like a way of
indirectly defending Marta. Maybe, well,
well,
some motivation And there will be some thread,
okay, but
personally, I don't think Juan,
not for me anymore because for me, I don't care, I mean, we
're already, we broke up
when we broke up
last year and that's it, you know, but not for me anymore,
but I don't think that I don't think that
I don't think that Juan the editor deserves such
lukewarmness from Antonio David when it comes
to defending him, I mean, I think we're already
late now, very late now,
but I don't know what fear there is, there are some things, I mean, I
literally don't understand,
I don't know what the fear is, you confront Jorge Javier, you confront Carlota Corredera, you take a video of Oscar Cornejo and Adrian Madrid and you take out all the videos that you have to take out of Rocío Carrasco and the caps, no, I think he's the one who has earned the most money
after Rocío Carrasco,
what happened to you last year
And now your editor Juan has this problem
Well, I don't know I mean there's something there that I'm
missing eh there's something there that I'm
missing and it's not like saying Well, it's just
that Juanjo doesn't mess with him anymore, he's
just taking advantage of the
tide, no Juanjo, a few months ago I made
some pretty strong inclines on
your channel, okay
But hey, each to his own
[Music]